[OSDOCS-2342]: Update etcd defragmentation section to include automatic defrag (#36463)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/etcd-defrag.adoc

[id="etcd-defrag_{context}"]

> = Defragmenting etcd data

Reviewer: This is probably not what you signed on to do with this module, but if you have time, this could probably broken into two modules:

1. Concept: etcd defragmentation types
2. Procedure: Manual defrags

> Defragmentation of etcd data reclaims disk space after etcd history compaction and other events  cause disk fragmentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defragmentation of etcd data reclaims disk space after etcd history compaction and other events cause disk fragmentation.
```

Alt: Defragment etcd data to reclaim disk space after events that cause disk fragmentation, such as etcd history compaction.

History compaction is performed automatically every five minutes and leaves gaps in the back-end database. This fragmented space is available for use by etcd, but is not available to the host file system. You must defragment etcd to make this space available to the host file system.

> Defragmentation occurs using one of the following options:
> * Automatic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defragmentation occurs using one of the following options:

* Automatic
```

Without that extra line, the UL doesn't render correctly.

> * Manual

Reviewer: Non-UL structure thought: "Defragmentation occurs automatically, but you can trigger it manually, too."

[NOTE]
====

> Automatic defragmentation is preferred because the etcd operator uses cluster information to determine the most efficient operation for the user.

Reviewer: ISG recommends limiting "is preferred/is recommended/etc." in favor of stronger language. 

I guess one way to go about this here would be to state that automated defrags are good for most cases, but you might want to rely on manual for... reasons. Not sure what they'd be.

====

> .Automatic defragmentation

Reviewer: This should probably be a `[discrete]` H2. Same for "Manual defragmentation."

> Automatic defragmentation is initiated by the etcd operator and occurs during set intervals. This interval is determined by the etcd operator on a time-based basis and no manual intervention is needed.

Reviewer: Passive

Also, we always capitalize "Operator" for historical reasons. :cry: 

```suggestion
The etcd Operator perform disk defragmentation without intervention during set intervals. This interval is determined by the etcd operator on a time-based basis.
```

I'm not sure about the second sentence. Is it possible to be more specific? Are the intervals at all something we can configure? Is defragmentation based on disk usage patterns? 

If no to all of that, could go even shorter: "The etcd Operator automatically defragments disks. No manual intervention is needed."

> Verify that the defragmentation process is successful by viewing one of these logs:
> * etcd logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the defragmentation process is successful by viewing one of these logs:

* etcd logs
```

Fixes rendering issue.

* cluster-etcd-operator pod
* operator status error log

> .Example output

Reviewer: Can be more descriptive since this isn't a procedure step:

```suggestion
.Example log output
```

[source,terminal]
----
I0907 08:43:12.171919       1
defragcontroller.go:198] etcd member "ip-
10-0-191-150.us-west-2.compute.internal"
backend store fragmented: 39.33 %, dbSize:
349138944
----

> .Manual Defragmentation

Reviewer: [discrete], H2, etc.

> Manual defragmentation must be performed periodically to reclaim disk space after etcd history compaction and other events cause disk fragmentation.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like automatic defragmentation isn't really functional. Is that the case, or is manual defragging more of a situational tool?
